rdl_schema_0.1.json: update resource object (#102)
GFDRR/rdl-standard: docs/about/changelog.md

### Schema

- [#93](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/93) - Remove nesting in top-level object.

> - [#102](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/102) - Update resource object adding `id`

Reviewer: Looks like there were more changes than just adding `id`?

```suggestion
- [#102](https://github.com/GFDRR/rdl-standard/pull/102) - Replace `resource` object with `Resource` definition, add `Resource.id` and update the names, titles and descriptions of its other properties.
```
